-------URL--------- http://www.gtech.hk -------URL---------
Contact Us
-------URL--------- https://www.gtech.hk/about -------URL---------
• Developing our own products
• Creating an international brand name
In the past, Grant Technology’s core businesses have been the sales and marketing of niche medical diagnostic products in the fields of microbiology and virology, and the import and export of products to and from China and Europe. Over the past two decades, the company has developed an extensive distribution network in preparation for new business developments.
In China, working with several medical supply companies, we have over 160 distributors covering the whole country.
Our Clients
Established in 1997, the firm has developed an extensive sales network in Hong Kong and China.
Our clients in Hong Kong includes the Department of Health, the Hospital Authority, private hospitals, and medical laboratories.
 
Recent Developments
Since 2014, Grant Technology has privately invested in the research and development of a medical device for anti-microbial susceptibility testing; a patent was filed in January 2016 and approved, and the product launch is scheduled for early 2017.
The future of the company remains in R&D. In 2015, we invested in an ITC funded research project on a new anti-influenza drug as an industry partner with the University of Hong Kong; patents have been filed and approved. The in-vivo tests have been completed, and phase I clinical trial is expected to begin in 2018. As one of the few biotech companies established and based in the Hong Kong Science Park , we strongly believe these new developments will take our company to new heights.
Brands We Carry
This is a list of brands whose products we carry. Should you require any information about any of these products, please  contact us .
Contact Us
-------URL--------- https://www.gtech.hk/about/our-clients -------URL---------
Established in 1997, the firm has developed an extensive sales network in Hong Kong and China.
Our clients in Hong Kong includes the Department of Health, the Hospital Authority, private hospitals, and medical laboratories.
 
