-------URL--------- http://www.clare.ai -------URL---------
Resolution grows beyond today, so as your services
Your services will never stay the same from the day it starts with Clare.AI. Conversational AI enables growth in the way it understands what your customers say, associates new to existing knowledge or learns from customers' satisfaction. All these contribute to making the resolution we provide with you and your services to the customers better each day.
Connect with your customers on their favorite chat app
Start using WATI for WhatsApp Business APIs & WhatsApp CRM Tools with Shared Inbox, Broadcast Messages, No Code Chatbot Builder, Manage Contacts & more cool features.
Tell us more and we'll reach out to you soon!
Email us at hello@clare.ai or call us at +852 3480 8981
Address: TML Tower,
-------URL--------- https://www.clare.ai/product -------URL---------
Channels ready-to-go
Our conversational AI can be made available on these channels easily through our one-click connector. The channels when enabled, are where your customers will be reaching out to our conversational AI and talk to it.
Proprietary Natural Language
Processing (NLP) Engine
Unlike many of the solutions in the market, we develop our own NLP engine with our algorithms. That allows us to have full control on the NLP with higher flexibility on configurations and development.
Worries about our accuracy? Check out the benchmark report for the testing result!
Bahasa Indonesia
AI Training and Management Console
When customized for you, your conversational AI can be easily managed by your business unit or customer service team member. No technical background, no coding.
You can do these all with self-assist services at our Console to make sure your conversational AI keeps growing and advancing day-by-day:
Knowledge base management (intents, entities, dialogue flow, etc.)
AI training
-------URL--------- http://www.clare.ai/covid-19-whatsapp -------URL---------
How does it work?
A WhatsApp-based location search to find confirmed cases nearby. It allows people to navigate, thru Clare.AI conversation AI technology, in whether they need to be extra cautious around elevators and handrails in certain buildings.
Connect with data published from Government website for easy retrieval on WhatsApp.
Available for free, WhatsApp AI search is striving to ensure that citizens have access to the quickest and most relevant health information during this outbreak.
How to use it?
Enter hi Clare
Share your location, or type your building name (i.e. 10 Robinson Road, Grand Panorama)
🎉 Results on confirmed cases will be shown in Chinese
Media coverage
