-------URL--------- https://www.codaplant.com -------URL---------
We are professional at making mobile app, web app, system software|
Our company name is Codaplant, a leading digital agency in Hong Kong. We focus on developing software product that create value for you.
DIGITAL AGENCY IN HONG KONG
CODAPLANT
Codaplant is a digital agency based in Hong Kong since 2008, we provide full digital solution to clients from startups companies to listed companies. We strongly believe our success came from our client’s success. We always apply the latest technology from Silicon Valley in software development to deliver the best outcome for our client. Our sense of achievement is measured by giving 200% satisfaction to our clients.
Case Studies
Clubhouse Management System
Since 2016, we help Well Born Real Estate Management Company to design and develop a responsive web-based Clubhouse Management System from scratch for one of their estate named La Cite Noble (新寶城), that would simplify their daily workflow and automate the whole booking process to improve user experience for 10,000+ residence and efficiency for their the property management staff.
Customer Services Logging System
Our solution is trusted by 18+ estates from New World Development including but not limited to Skypark, Park Signature 溱柏, Bohemian House 瑧璈, Fleur Pavilia 柏蔚山, Mount Pavilia 傲瀧, The ParkHill 柏𣾷, The Pavilion Hill 柏傲山, Artisan House 瑧蓺, Pavilia Bay 柏傲灣, The Signature 春暉8號, serving 36,000+ residents daily.
Trusted By
We love to hear your idea and happy to share how we can help or add value to your business.
Email
info@codaplant.com
Address
Unit 907, 9/F, Silvercord Tower 2, 30 Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong
Let's Chat
-------URL--------- https://www.codaplant.com/codaplant-case-studies-corporate-website-value-partners.html -------URL---------
Real-Time Stock Price with Highly Customized Content Management System (CMS)
arrow_back arrow_forward
​3. Email Subscription
​5. Fund Documents Management
​6. Press Release Management
​7. Pie Chart and Line Chart rendering with synchronized data
​8. Export to Excel for each fund
Value Partners
​
​
