-------URL--------- http://www.180c.cc -------URL---------
Smart Technology | Value Experience | Sustainable Solutions
Story
180C was born from the desire to create better technology management solution for the hundreds of mobile devices of schools.
Teamwork
With a culture of collaboration, roster of talents, the 180C team is endlessly interested in what’s next. Every client we work with becomes a part of the team, together we face the challenges and celebrate the victories.
We blend innovative ideas, smart technology and valuable experience to create sustainable solutions.
gives you even more possibilities for learning at every level
Interact, teach and grab your students attention by instant interaction with POARD!
朱子穎校長 • 浸信會天虹小學
劉振華副校長 • 東九龍滙基書院
源植盛老師 • 聖士提反書院
蔡煒傑老師 • 聖士提反書院
Our Clients
Cyberport Incubatee
-------URL--------- http://www.180c.cc/what-is-180c -------URL---------
STORY
Former of 180C is Avrio Solutions Company Limited, which was founded by a group of technology-savvy professions in July 2013. Our vision is to build a better tomorrow with technology and we achieve this with a strong passion for “blending innovative ideas, smart technology and valuable experience to create sustainable solutions”.
With a long time of explore, we kick a new start to build 180C in June 2017. More effort will be put on the desire to create better technology management solution for the hundreds of mobile devices of schools.
180
180° is the add up of a triangle’s interior angles. The triangle is a traditional Christian visual symbol which expresses many aspects of the doctrine of the Trinity. We, the three partners with the same belief as Christian. We will not be here without God, we can’t work together without God. So that is 180C, no matter the situation is how hard, there’s always another angle from God’s view.
TEAMWORK
With a culture of collaboration, a roster of talents, the 180C team is endlessly interested in what’s next. Every client we work with becomes a part of the team, together we face the challenges and celebrate the victories.
WHY US
 
 
 
 
-------URL--------- http://www.180c.cc/cportfolio/esp -------URL---------
透过配搭 ESP 2.0(eSchoolPad) 和 Apple Classroom 一起使用，可以为您的电子教学，在各类层面上，创造出更多的可能性。
特点
