-------URL--------- http://www.envacgroup.com -------URL---------
We use cookies to give you the best experience when visiting our website. No personal information is saved for this purpose.
Interested in contacting your nearest Envac office? Choose from our global network below.
Global head office
Corporate web site: www.envacgroup.com
A 21st century waste collection solution
What a waste! 300 years of waste management and so little has changed.
It is time to say goodbye to waste collection trucks, overfull bins and vermin.
And say hello to Envac!
Forward thinking
Cities around the world are installing Envac systems in new and existing residential areas, historical quarters, campuses, schools, hotels, parks, banks, office buildings, financial centres and in many of the tallest high-rise buildings.
Envac is also found in many hospitals and at airports.
Envac Case studies
With many decades experience designing and installing Envac systems within a wide range of locations, Envac can add value to waste collection in urban environments regardless of location – and regardless of the development’s size.
Whilst we have over 1,000 installations in operation worldwide, find out what we have achieved for a small selection of customers around the world.
By incorporating smart waste collection technologies, Envac can help cities to achieve Goal 11.
Getting smarter
Data from the waste collection system is used for feedback to users and efficient planning.
What effects can your city expect when changing to Envac?
We interviewed our client, The City of Bergen, in Norway, to find out what immediate effects they had noted when changing from manual waste collection to Envac’s pneumatic waste collection system.
-------URL--------- https://www.envacgroup.com/cookie-information -------URL---------
We use cookies to give you the best experience when visiting our website. No personal information is saved for this purpose.
Interested in contacting your nearest Envac office? Choose from our global network below.
Global head office
Corporate web site: www.envacgroup.com
Get in touch
Get in touch
Do you have any questions about Envac's solutions or about waste management in general?
We are always happy to talk to you, just send us the email form and a member of the team from your local Envac office will be in touch*.
Global head office
*We aim to respond within 48 hours
Your name
Your email
Cookies on Envac web sites
We use cookies on all our web sites. According to the Swedish Law, Electronic Communications Act, which entered into force on 25 July 2003, a person visiting a web site that is using cookies, must be made aware of the cookies.
A cookie is a a text file which the website you visit saves on your computer. Cookies are used on many websites to provide a visitor with access to various functions. The information in the cookie can be used to monitor a user’s surfing.
There are two kinds of cookies. One kind saves a file on your computer for a long time. This is used, for example, for functions that tell you what is new since the user last visited that particular website.
The other kind of cookie is called a session cookie. During the time you surf a site, this cookie is saved temporarily in the memory of your computer, for example to keep track of what language you have chosen. Session cookies are not stored for a long time on your computer, but disappear when you close your web browser.
If you do not want to accept cookies, your web browser can be set so that you automatically deny the storage of cookies or are informed every time a website requests to be allowed to store a cookie. Previously stored cookies can also be deleted through the web browser.
Visit the web browser’s help pages for more information. Remember that functions on the web site might not perform as intended if cookies are not accepted.
GDPR – General Data Protection Regulation
Envac collects and stores your personal information as part of our business. It is important for us that you feel comfortable with us handling your personal information with respect to your integrity, and that you are aware of your rights regarding the handling of your information.
If you have questions regarding how Envac works with integrity- and data protection, or which to read our updated and complete terms in accordance with the GDPR and our processing, contact us by sending us an e-mail to helloenvacgroup@envac.se
If your matter of issue is addressed to one of our local offices, your e-mail will be redirected to the appropriate office. If you wish to contact one of our local offices directly, you will find all information needed on our website. The information is being stored in our systems until the question is marked as resolved. When your matter is marked as resolved, we will delete the information.
GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) is a new legislation that take effect on May 25th, 2018. The ambition of the legislation is to strengthen the protection of your personal information and simultaneously create a uniform set of regulations for all countries that is part of the European Union. It is important for us that you feel comfortable with us handling your personal information.
Get in touch
