-------URL--------- https://gianthouse.io -------URL---------
About GIANTHOUSE
GIANTHOUSE was started by the spirit of turning imaginations into reality. It is a software house specialized in developing website and mobile applications, as well as providing customized IT and digital solutions. Our vision is to offer affordable service in order to promote a wider adoption of technology in the society. Backed by venture capital, we are formed by a group of experienced developers and designers based in Hong Kong. Our clients include large corporate as well as early-stage startups. With deep understanding in technology and business, we develop or even invest in interesting projects. Agile with DevOps practice is the culture we adopted to deliver market-adaptive and premium digital experiences.
We Do With
Mobile App
We design and develop hybrid and native apps for iOS and Android.
Web App
Responsible web apps are developed using the latest web technologies.
UI/UX Design
Amazing designs and smooth user journey are the keys to successful apps.
Ecommerce
We offer high quality, secure & custom ecommerce development services and solutions for businesses.
Blockchain
Our blockchain solutions can help you embrace the power of distributed ledger technology.
Custom Module
Testimonials
The skillset required for developing a location-based mobile application is niche and Gianthouse is capable to provide solution to the full cycle of software development – from discussing user requirements to launching the product in an agile and collaborative manner. Their approach to frequently release and update prototype increases clients’ confidence with their service.
Outsourcing our company's website maintenance to Gianthouse and work with them as a team has been a pleasant experience, we are especially impressed by the effectiveness of our communication with their team. From start to finish, they have been very accessible and supportive, and their project lead could always intelligently understand what we need and layout the best possible options available for us. This made every decision we need to make throughout the project smooth and constructive, contributing big to the overall satisfactory result of the final delivery.
Thank you Gianthouse for developing our booking system. The team stands on the shoes of the perspective of us and their team worked very hard on every details of the product. There has been vigorous communication with Gianthouse’s product team during the development, and the final product was beyond satisfaction. In addition, they have excellent service attitude and focus on solving problems. It is highly recommended to engage Gianthouse for future projects.
Brands we work with
Kickstart your idea
GIANTHOUSE is the place where creativity meets execution. It is composed of creators and developers embracing technology. We love to discuss ideas and are excited to hear from you. Let us build something great together.
-------URL--------- https://gianthouse.io/our-story -------URL---------
Our Story
Our brand name GIANTHOUSE was inspired by the giant house spider, one of the fastest invertebrates known on earth. We adopt Agile methodology, in addition to traditional waterfall product development approach, for projects that require continuous enhancement and high level of flexibility. With the adaptive mindset, we are committed to deliver quality digital services in a responsive and timely manner.
Methodology
Agile project management is an approach to delivering a project throughout its life cycle. Iterative or agile life cycles are composed of iterations or incremental steps towards the completion of a project.
Agile approach is used in software development to promote velocity and adaptability, since the benefit of iteration is that adjustments can be made along the product development cycle rather than following a linear path. One of the aims of an agile approach is to enhance business value throughout the process rather than only at the end.
Partnerships
We are strongly supported by our technical and business partners.
Copyright © Gianthouse Limited 2021
