-------URL--------- https://www.comba-telecom.com -------URL---------
Education
Today in our digital age, education institutions are deploying connected classroom learning to bring digital media content into the classroom. Tablets and smart phones are augmenting and even replacing textbooks as a tool for teaching and learning. With digital media contents and connection to internet, people become more dependent on smart connected devices for better learning experience.
Government & Public Safety
Public safety first responders such as ambulance service, fire service, law enforcement, rescue squad, emergency management and securities are mission critical operations that help protect and rescue the general public from danger. Communication networks have to ensure that critical information is transmitted and received promptly to co-ordinate and facilitate rescue efforts.
Healthcare
Healthcare industry is experiencing ever increasing growth due to global population ageing, the rise of incidence of cancer diseases, outbreak of flus and many other chronic diseases. As the standards of living improved around the world, public and private hospitals or other healthcare institutions are investing a lot of money to improve their healthcare services and facilities.
Hospitality
Hospitality industry is a very broad industry as it consists of hotels, cruise ships, restaurants and anything that covers tourism or for leisure. In today’s high-tech world, mobile technology and social media act as the platform for businesses to promote their services and offerings for customers to make reservations through tablets and phone apps. Customers are also able to praise or critique their experience directly through social media. Hence the success of businesses is dependent on customer’s satisfaction and their praises for the services.
Retail
Retail industry today is experiencing a tremendous amount of changes as the way business is performed using push and pull marketing services through smart phones and devices. During shopping, people could search for a brand’s closest store in relation to where they are right now or a brand could send a discount voucher while people entering their store. People could easily locate where and what they want to buy. This could not be done without wireless mobile coverage.
Stadium
Stadium is a large venue for sports, concerts or events. A stadium network must cover all areas where spectators congregate. The size of a stadium varies from as low as 12,000 seats to as high as 150,000 seats. Besides the spectator seats, it may also has conference rooms, shopping areas, food and beverages shops and TV commentators areas that need wireless mobile coverage.
Transportation
With the increasing proliferation of mobile devices, huge volumes of mobile voice and data are consumed by people during commuting. People make calls, view emails, watch videos, browse the internet and play games on the go. Our wireless mobile solution provides a wide range of coverage for different transportations...
Antennas & Subsystems
With a seasoned team of R&D engineers and its state-of-the-art design tools and testing equipment, Comba supplies customers with robust, cost-effective antennas based on its innovative patented designs. Its largest microwave anechoic chambers in the region, located in Guangzhou, China, has been used by many customers around the world as an accredited testing facility for antenna performance benchmarking. Comba’s Antenna & Subsystem division offers full range of wireless antenna and RF products for cellular systems.
Network Product
Comba has wide range of network products to provide total solutions for network coverage enhancement.
Smart City
Comba leverages its advance in wireless technology and innovations to provide end to end solutions for smart city.
Wireless Transmission
Comba’s microwave transmission system provides high-performance solutions for end-to-end access of LTE macro cell backhaul, LTE small cell backhaul and broadband data backhaul which enables long-distance transmission.  Comba satellite system can be used in emergency mobile station backhaul, small cell backhaul, live video command backhaul, maritime communication backhaul.
Services
Comba provides clients with a complete range of services, including consultancy, DAS system design, drive test and benchmarking, maintenance, managed service, network data analytics, network optimization and training.
White Paper
Learn about the industrial solutions provided by our experienced wireless communication experts
Investors
Announcements
MONTHLY RETURN OF EQUITY ISSUER ON MOVEMENTS IN SECURITIES FOR THE MONTH ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2020 pdf
VOLUNTARY ANNOUNCEMENT – DEEMED DISPOSAL OF EQUITY INTEREST IN A SUBSIDIARY pdf
Circulars
Established in 1997 and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2003, Comba Telecom Systems Holdings Limited ...
2020-03-17
2020-09-15
2020-09-15
Initiating technology and manufacturing partnerships to empower the local ecosys... Read More
Marie Ma
30 November 2020
Not just a niche technology – Open RAN has a place in all environments
There is tremendous excitement about Open RAN in the telco industry, and the mar... Read More
Copyright © 2020 Comba Telecom Systems Holdings Ltd. All rights reserved.
This site uses cookies and similar technologies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Read our privacy statement
