BITEX LIMITED
Bitex’s intelligent FinTech manages the massive big data of stock and the selected key information with the application of stochastic AI machine learning monitored by investment experts with over ten years of experiences. The data insights generated are favorably comparable to professional fund managers. The development of alternative high-dimensional space (chip dispersion/option/short selling/ public sentiment/financial behaviors…) solves the financial emerging patterns and sparse learning.
As the one-stop robo-advisory professional solution for the SH-/SZ-HK Stock Connects, website and APP developed by Bitex have been constantly used by over tens of thousands of investors and several institutions.
Bitex Chronicle
Contact
Contact
place
Rm 219, Bldg 12W, Phase III, Hong Kong Science Park, N.T.
phone
Mar 2019
10 Jul 2018
Dr. Han Yiqiu, Founder of Bitex, demonstrates Sensory Perceptual System on Public Event (Bitex’s exclusive function customized for decision makers and investors) to Ms. Carrie Lam, the Hong Kong Chief Executive. The System, based on the accurate prediction, successfully has issued an alert to the investors about the Tamiflu pharmaceutical stock price soaring as early as 6 months before the global outbreak of flu in 2018.
Apr 2018
Bitex has been a part of the NVIDIA Inception Programme.
Mar 2018
Bitex launches the first Robo-advisory solution in Hong Kong under the successful collaboration with the HKSFC licensee Avalok Capital Limited and Goonder LLC.
Feb 2018
Bitex, as a member of LEAP@HK, has transferred partial shareholding interest to the authorized party HKSTP.
Jan 2017
Bitex further focuses on capturing the contents from various social media platforms (Wechat, Twitter, etc.). The structured analytical reports generated by the AI-powered engine are delivered to investors to provide the data insights on options detected with unusual trade patterns through the cross-platform synchronization with the automated data delivery system.
2016
Bitex conducts the funding analysis, customized public sentiment index and hot topic tracking. The content management and marketing settlements are automatized.Bitex was awarded the “HK SME Innovation Award 2016” by Prof. Tsui Lap-chee, the Founding President of The Academy of Sciences of Hong Kong.
2015
Bitex proivdes open interest (OI) data and enquiries of unusual trade for the Hong Kong/ China/U.S. stocks and the global futures & options. The innovative functions are also created, including the Unusual Trade (UT) Indicator (based on the massive search and AI analysis on unusual trade patterns), the Resurration Indicator, analyses of Public Sentiment, news enquiries, etc. Bitex conducts TBT data mining for the high frequency trading on futures, and has successfully launched Bitex APP.
keyboard_arrow_up
