-------URL--------- http://www.madgaze.com -------URL---------
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
Royal Fit For Everyone
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
MAD GAZE
MAD GAZE
MAD GAZE
MAD GAZE - GLOW Plus
-------URL--------- https://www.madgaze.com/glow-plus -------URL---------
At Your Convenience.
Whether you are at home lying in bed, or travelling from one city to another, GLOW Plus is so handy, that you can use it whenever you want.
GLOW Plus
Magnificent Convergence Of Reality And Imagination
Large FOV 53° binocular MR glasses - Simply plug and play - Ideal for gaming and watching movies. Extend your vision beyond phones.
Light. Foldable. Portable.
As a binocular MR smart glasses, GLOW Plus is lightweight: 92g only. You can wear it for any usage, and GLOW Plus will never get in the way of things! More importantly, it's foldable and you can put it in your pocket.
Simply Plug & Play
By simply plugging and playing, you can connect GLOW Plus to your Android phone via USB-C DisplayPort – it is SUPER EASY. You can control your phone and view what’s on it right on the MR glasses.
Royal Fit for Everyone
Comfort and style are always our big considerations. GLOW Plus is designed to fit your interpupillary distance (IPD) better to avoid fatigue or nausea. Here is the good news: You don’t need to adjust the displays anymore because we have already done that for you, just to make it easier for you.
Big Screen, Small Device
GLOW Plus is not just compact and lightweight. It also projects sharp and clear images. You can now play games or watch movies on GLOW Plus with the utmost visual quality.
Pocket-Sized
Personal Cinema
GLOW Plus is also a personal cinema that fits in your pocket. You can bring it with you anytime, anywhere, and immerse yourself in your favourite movie as if you were watching it on 118-inch screen from 3 meters away.
Anytime, Anywhere.
At Your Convenience.
Whether you are at home lying in bed, or travelling from one city to another, GLOW Plus is so handy, that you can use it whenever you want.
GLOW Plus
Magnificent Convergence Of Reality And Imagination
Large FOV 53° binocular MR glasses - Simply plug and play - Ideal for gaming and watching movies. Extend your vision beyond phones.
Watch Video
Content Abundance. Get Whatever You Want.
Apps are already available on our MAD Store and more features are coming. Aside from MAD official apps, GLOW Plus is also compatible with ample third-party apps on Google Play.
Spatial Computing. You Can't Miss This.
With extensive and sophisticated tracking system, you can use SLAM (Simultaneous Localization and Mapping) and hand gesture controls on GLOW Plus, which brings you an extraordinary MR experience.
Live In The Moment, Play In The Moment
What's better than playing games on a large and crisp display? Playing games on a large and crisp display and controlling all movements with hand gestures as if you are living in the actual environment!
Stay Connected.
GLOW Plus is your best companion assistant that you can manipulate multi-features at a time and be notified instantly without missing a text or a call.
Long Battery Autonomy Makes Your Life Easy
Since battery supply of GLOW Plus relies on the connected Android phone, it can last up to 5 hours for continuous use. Plus, you don't need to charge for an additional device anymore.
It Is More Than Entertainment. It Is Actually Practical.
GLOW Plus is a hands-free device that allows you to multitask. You can pair it with bluetooth joystick for gaming or a keyboard for work.
Controls of GLOW Plus
Hand Gesture Control
You can control GLOW Plus easily with simple hand gestures at your fingertips.
Voice Recognition
Control via smartphone
Colors of GLOW Plus
Specification
Optics
Weight
92g
Control#
Supports:
iPhone running on iOS 11 or later;
Android phones running on Android 6.0 or later and compatible to OTG;
Video game consoles (PS4, Xbox, Nintendo Switch, etc.) with HDMI port;
Desktop computers / laptops (Apple Mac & Macbook, etc.) with HDMI port
#Functions are exclusively available on Android Phones with USB-C Display Port and OTG
