-------URL--------- https://smoothweb.com -------URL---------
INTELLIGENCE to improve purchase intent, customer service and brand experience
Voice | Chatbots | Facial / Object Recognition| Motion | Touch
We deliver innovative and engaging brand experiences which provide new revenue streams, reduced costs, great value for customers and brand owners and engaging brand experiences.
Illustration: Building a Voice Assistant: Map out the required  spoken “intents” and information sources for your business and services to be provided in your local language. Decide which content links and information you want your audience to be able to access. Our AI voice solution creates and manages your intents and automatically generates alternative ways of asking across multiple languages using our proprietary AI  solution.
 
TRANSFORMATION
 
INTELLIGENCE
 
 
We work with some of the world’s most powerful and influential brands who are looking for innovative media solutions in physical locations to deliver brand engagement and brand experiences that result in sales uplift and customer satisfaction.
MEET SMOOTHWEB’s
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)Is an internet connection needed? With a weak internet connection, can we play back 00s or 000s of videos. Your presentations run without an internet connection because all the content is stored locally on the device. An internet...
Run Your CityBringing Running into the store with adidasadidas were developing an in-store marquee innovations zone product called Runlab where customers who try on running shoes of their choice can link them to the treadmill via a pair of bluetooth sensors. The...
Intelligent Mirai Mirror Recognises Shoes Mirai Mirror – SmoothWeb’s patented intelligent mirror system with hyperfast, AI, deep learning recognition engineThe Mirai Mirror powered by Smoothweb is a work of genius using the latest A.I. recognition engine and deep...
SmoothWeb Mirai MirrorWinner 2018 Hong Kong Retail Innovation award (Media Choice) The Mirai Mirror - Ground-breaking AI-driven Reflective Surface SmoothWeb attended the annual dinner of the Hong Kong Retail Innovation Awards 2018 and picked up the Innovation Award...
