-------URL--------- http://www.nexify.com.hk -------URL---------
Empower your business with innovation and cutting-edge technologies
We are a trusted premium provider of world-class IT business solutions and services
Empower your business with innovation and cutting-edge technologies
We are a trusted premium provider of world-class IT business solutions and services
Discover the opportunity to effectively manage and store your corporate records
We provide advanced services to meet unique organizational goals and challenges
Discover the opportunity to effectively manage and store your corporate records
We provide advanced services to meet unique organizational goals and challenges
Streamline your business and thrive with our tailored solution
We are experienced in creating unique and customized system development with clients’ business requirements
Streamline your business and thrive with our tailored solution
We are experienced in creating unique and customized system development with clients’ business requirements
about nexify
records management
See how Nexify’s technologies respond to the challenges faced by its clients
Work with us
Our consultants are ready to offer insightful advice for your next smart solution.
-------URL--------- https://www.nexify.com.hk/about-nexify -------URL---------
Unleashing your organisation’s true potential requires a technological partner who truly understands your business.
We are strong enough to keen insight into each of our customers’ unique business requirements. This understanding enables us to recommend and implement the right technology solutions for every situation. 
Our portfolio spans industries as diverse as hospitality, property management, medicine, finance, legal services, home nursing and elderly care. Throughout the entire system lifecycle, we support our clients with professional, customer-oriented services. When you choose us, you know you have a technological partner by your side for the long term.
As premier IT specialists, we also believe that strong R&D is the soul of innovation. Our dedicated R&D centre is unusual within our local industry. It is the foundation of our custom-made solutions and products, designed to meet the challenges faced by businesses today and drive their growth for tomorrow.
We always endeavour to be a trustworthy, premium provider of world-class IT business solutions and services. Empowered by this vision, we will continue to develop cutting-edge technology that advances our local and international industry.
IT Experts
We are
Our management team leverages over 20 years of IT industry experience and represent a diverse range of specialisations. Our technical expertise draws on the professional know-how of PMs, SAs, APs and programmers to adapt our solutions to the scope and individual requirements of each project. The value our team brings to the company is the culmination of their deep experience and insight. This enables us to complete projects to a high degree of customer satisfaction.
Nexify established its Research and Development centre to identify and develop robust solutions and services that power the growth of business. Through this initiative, we ensure our solutions and services continue to evolve with industry trends.
Industry Partnerships
Reinforced by a Network
Nexify proudly partners with an extensive network of industry specialists to ensure our clients receive top quality service. These partners range from leading infrastructure providers, all the way to application services. Among the benefits we pass on to our customers are:
The most up-to-date information on current leading products
Wider customisation options to meet customers’ special requirements
Product localisation to further adapt solutions to our customers’ particular region
Proposed solutions backed by solid demonstration and case studies
CSR
A Culture of
Here at Nexify, we strive to motivate our dynamic team to develop good citizenship. With an aim towards contributing to the communities we work in, we have among others, demonstrated our care for people in need and inspired the younger generation to pursue careers in the IT industry. We offer a healthy and happy workplace and practise good work-life balance to ensure our employees are well taken care of while helping us succeed.
Careers
An Organisation That Peers
We offer a fun, energetic and young working environment. We encourage innovation, teamwork and personal growth. Should you choose to pursue a career with us, you are assured of plentiful chances to grow and develop your skills.
Encourage the Next,
Empower What’s Next
We welcome fresh graduates and young professionals to join our team. Come explore the endless opportunities offered at Nexify to unleash your full potential. Interested parties may send your full resume to hr@nexify.com.hk. We are happy to meet you at our office.
© 2018 Nexify Limited. All rights reserved
enquiry@nexify.com.hk
(852) 2152 3260
(852) 2152 2562
Unit F- H, 30/F, COS Centre, 56 Tsun Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong
