-------URL--------- http://www.itchannel.asia -------URL---------
A.I.
Enhance your predictive analytics with the power of A.I. Machine Learning to grow your business. Let the machine do the analysis and prediction for you to discover hidden values and potentials from the business.
We work together with clients to establish data-driven culture for the organization. Unearth powerful insights from data and turn them into business values.
Smart Building - Smart Campus - Smart City. Leveraging the power of IoT to achieve efficient resource utilization, minimize human efforts, better efficiency and saves cost. Talk to us to find out more.
We are also experienced in Data Management, Data Mining, Enterprise Application, Mobile Apps
Finance Budget and Planning, and more.
-------URL--------- http://www.itchannel.asia/index.php -------URL---------
A.I.
Enhance your predictive analytics with the power of A.I. Machine Learning to grow your business. Let the machine do the analysis and prediction for you to discover hidden values and potentials from the business.
We work together with clients to establish data-driven culture for the organization. Unearth powerful insights from data and turn them into business values.
Smart Building - Smart Campus - Smart City. Leveraging the power of IoT to achieve efficient resource utilization, minimize human efforts, better efficiency and saves cost. Talk to us to find out more.
We are also experienced in Data Management, Data Mining, Enterprise Application, Mobile Apps
Finance Budget and Planning, and more.
-------URL--------- http://www.itchannel.asia/about.php -------URL---------
Our Vision
"Business Value Focus with technology services"
Our vision is to become the world’s leading Professional Service Network provider in China by ensuring that clients receive the world’s latest technological know-how and the best local expertise to advance their business in this dynamic global marketplace.
Our Business
IT Channel has established a solid proven track record of delivering sophisticated technology solutions to multinational corporate customers and local enterprises across a diverse range of industries.
As a Business Solutions Integrator, we provide a full suite of quality professional services:
Best-of-Market technology recommendation and implementation, especially in digital asset management, infrastructure consolidation and virtualization
Local Procurement and Global Deployment services for multinational corporations
Total Business Intelligent solutions helping customers maximize their business profits and returns from their IT investment
Security Risk Management; ensuring security systems really are 'secure' and infrastructures always operate at peak performance
Business Process Management and Business Continuity Planning: making sure the customer’s business is operating without interruptions
Large Scale Project Management and Operation Services Outsourcing
Contract Management: acting as an intermediary in managing business contracts with the rest of the world - invaluable for our Mainland China partners and customers as well as those who have relations with the Mainland
Intelligent Retail Management Solutions
Mobility Solutions
Our Team
IT Channel is managed by its founding partners, leaders of both the demand and supply sides of the IT industry and a close-knit team of senior IT executives. IT Channel draws on a talent-rich pool of dedicated professionals with impressive business credentials and in-depth technical know-how. Our clients are successful modern businesses that deserve the best and they appreciate our can-do attitude to everything that we do.
Armed with a finely tuned technology vision, depth of knowledge and experience, we continue to increase our operational excellence by nurturing our own professional teams.
IT Channel enjoys a well-established network as well as a wealth of experience in the IT industry worldwide, all backed by a solid track record in serving local and multinational clients in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China for two decades.
Why IT Channel?
Proven Track
End-to-end
Shop
Software to hardware, desktop to servers, front-end apps to backend system
Industrial
Knowledge
Experienced Service Provider
20+ years leaderships
Strong
Network
