-------URL--------- https://eventxtra.com/ -------URL---------
GO GLOBAL WITH VIRTUAL EVENTS
EventXtra is an event management software platform where you can organize, analyze and host in-person, virtual, or hybrid events staged in a dynamic environment. 
Our hybrid events integrates in-person and virtual experience.
Asia’s #1 China-friendly virtual events software seamlessly manages your events in China and around the world.
Grow your audience in China without any restrictions
EventXtra is built as a China-friendly virtual events platform that delivers a fast and seamless virtual event experience localized for China attendees.
Access to stable and smooth cloud services hosted from Alibaba Cloud
Circumnavigate local firewalls and benefit from local SMS, email, payment and social-payment gateways
Accurate display of multi languages including Chinese
Dedicated local support team in China
Streamline your event registration, payment transactions and attendee management
Our event management system tool (EMS) can host unique online registration forms with integrated ticketing, attendee management and communications functions.
Build your own branded link registration forms
Multi-language options including Chinese, Korean and Japanese
Setup multi-session and exclusive event formats
Setup multiple ticket types with conditional ticket fields and approval process
Manage attendee consolidation from different sources 
Follow-up your attendees through SMS and email
All-in-one Hybrid Event Platform
Host a mix of in-person, live and virtual event formats while cutting down your costs. Our hybrid events solution can bring your events to a wider audience with no physical limitation. 
Future-proof your business by adopting new social norms
Seamless integration with your current physical events
Streamline your event with two attendee experiences, in-person and virtual
Diversify your event’s reach and tap into new audiences
Design your virtual exhibition based on your event needs
Bring in-person experience to your virtual exhibition with interactive virtual booths and conference halls designed for different event types like virtual conferences, virtual trade shows, and virtual career fairs.
Customize your own event countdown page  
Design your own virtual exhibition environment
Setup branded exhibitor booths with multimedia materials and product displays
Engage your attendees in virtual booths via live chat and video call
Build interactive conference hall for speakers with live streaming and QA displays
Event analytics dashboard with auto-generated after event report
Ensure your attendees remain private and protected when they engage with your event
Get consent and ensure that your PII requests are aligned with GDPR’s requirements
We are ISO 27001 Certified. This means we handle your personal data with strict confidentiality upheld at all times.
To learn more about how we handle your personal data, please read our privacy policy
We are really happy about the platform. The platform fulfils our expectation for organising the exhibition and bring the real feeling of expo for exhibitors and visitors. Besides, it is an easy-to-use platform which can help our exhibitors build-up booth and registration easily. Thank you very much for your team working hard to make us a successful exhibition.
Ryan Phan
Marketing Manager of Reed Tradex
When Global-Link decided to set-up our virtual events division, we searched high and low for a solution that would fit not only our needs but those of the markets we cater to. We're glad we found EventXtra. Their solution has been the easiest to understand, to explain to potential exhibitors and attendees, to set-up, and to navigate. All of the core experiences we wanted to make our trade shows virtual, EventXtra helped us make possible. Best of all, the platform just keeps improving. We're amazed by how quickly this team has been able to adapt to the changing times, helping event organizers like us to do the same. Here's to more years of fruitful partnership between us!
Jing Lagandaon
COO, Global-Link MP Events International, Inc.
We were very satisfied with EventXtra virtual Event Platform during our virtual conference last week. From a technical point of view, everything went very smooth and seamless. Our delegates were very positive and they found the platform very user friendly. Well done!
Koen Roeyers
CEO of PPL Networks Ltd
We are really happy about the platform. The platform fulfils our expectation for organising the exhibition and bring the real feeling of expo for exhibitors and visitors. Besides, it is an easy-to-use platform which can help our exhibitors build-up booth and registration easily. Thank you very much for your team working hard to make us a successful exhibition.
Ryan Phan
Marketing Manager of Reed Tradex
When Global-Link decided to set-up our virtual events division, we searched high and low for a solution that would fit not only our needs but those of the markets we cater to. We're glad we found EventXtra. Their solution has been the easiest to understand, to explain to potential exhibitors and attendees, to set-up, and to navigate. All of the core experiences we wanted to make our trade shows virtual, EventXtra helped us make possible. Best of all, the platform just keeps improving. We're amazed by how quickly this team has been able to adapt to the changing times, helping event organizers like us to do the same. Here's to more years of fruitful partnership between us!
Jing Lagandaon
Previous
Next
Virtual Event
We can efficiently take your trade shows, career fairs, and expos online with our engaging virtual event platform, with the ability to virtually network and meet your guests from around the world.
EventXtra offers an all-in-one solution from registration to attendee check-in and interaction during the event, plus a post-event performance dashboard.
Get the best of both worlds and maximize your event ROI with our hybrid solutions so you can streamline the event from online to offline.
Free Online Event Resources and Tips
Virtual Events
Virtual Events
Hybrid event
Frequently Asked Questions
A virtual event replicates that of an offline in-person event, but online. It allows you to host and attend a variety of events from the comfort of your home or office, using only a laptop or mobile with a stable internet connection. A virtual event is cost-efficient, and can overcome barriers like time, resources, and location.
Company
Unit C and D, 8/F, Tong Yuen Factory Building, 505 Castle Peak Road, Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon ( View on Google Map )
Subscribe to Our Newsletter!
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities...
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
