-------URL--------- http://www.gekko.ai -------URL---------
Database tracking history, current and forward-looking market events
AI-powered capital markets solutions
Uniquely crafted granular and cleansed data tracking HK and China stock events listco space.
Market Eye
Applicable users:
Quant research
Applicable users:
Stock research
Applicable users:
AI-powered Corporate markets solutions
Uniquely crafted granular and cleansed data tracking HK and China stock events listco space.
Trading signal generation
Over 30 key events with highly granular quantitative and qualitative data points for alpha-generating algorithm models as well as for risk management.
Market anomalies detection
Each datapoint possesses with up to 60 unique attributes, empowering a 360 degree view for market participants’ behaviour.
Enhanced due diligence
Not only about entity background but also past market behaviour and relationships for direct and indirect risks.
What our clients are saying
“It has been a challenge for both regulators and market participants to ‘keep up’, extract meaning and react in                     real-time to such a vast amount of unstructured information. It is imperative to adopt smart and more automated data aggregation and analytics of the kind made by Gekko”
- A quote from our enterprise client
+ −
-------URL--------- http://www.gekko.ai/marketeye -------URL---------
Login Market Eye
The most comprehensive database tracking HK listcos
Market Eye is a data terminal solution for monitoring HK capital market entities and corporate action events, supporting attribute-level comparison, event filter, download and entity search.
Market intelligence
Stay on top of market trends in Hong Kong listco space.
More efficient decision-making
Save time from manual work of data aggregation
Turbo-charge speed in looking for precedents.
Insights that Market Eye can answer
✤ What are the market trends for fund-raising and takeover activities?
✤ What are the average premium / discount for secondary share issuance this year vs the past?
✤ What is the COVID-19 impact on transaction activities?
Use Case
Market trend research / measure policy impact:
✤ What are the average premium / discount for secondary share issuance this year vs the past?
✤ What is the COVID-19 impact on transaction activities?
✤ How many transactions come with profit guarantee this year vs the past?
Abnormality detection
✤ Is the takeover’s offer price at significant premium?
✤ Is the transaction’s valuation such as consideration-asset ratio (PB ratio) and PE ratio at unusual high or low levels?
✤ Has the stock reacted before the material event announced? (i.e. takeover activities)
Proactively monitor market activities:
✤ Has the transaction target or target’s subsidiary been involved in other notifiable transactions?
✤ Has the transaction target’s UBO appeared in other transactions / fundraisings / takeovers?
✤ Is the transaction target a frequent stakeholder in takeover transactions?
Interested in exploring Market Eye? Please leave us a message.
Contact Us
