-------URL--------- http://www.leadingedge-group.com -------URL---------
ONE STOP DATA SERVICE
WE DEDICATED FOR DATA
The digital age is moving fast and modern enterprises have to move even faster, any business that doesn't make use of its data allowing a valuable resource to be wasted.
DATA ANALYTICS JOURNEY
Where you located?
Leading Edge Group offers healthcare industry data analytics solutions, such as:   1.Predictive Analytics Member, Claims, Payment, Location, Provider Data   CLAIMS ANALYTICS Claims Data Warehouse Claims Fraud Detection Claims Loss Reserve Analysis Cluster Analysis in Epidemiology Pay for Performance/Value based outcomes Payment Integrity Predictive modelling to improve Revenue and Performance using ETL/ML   2.Patient […]
Leading Edge Group offers insurance industry data analytics solutions, such as:   1.Effective Profit Analysis Consumer Data, Alternative Data, Credit Data, Claims History, Demographics, etc.   ACTUARIES SCIENCE Advanced Math analytics Alternative datasets in underwriting to calculate premiums Predictive modeling for likelihood of future events Machine learning to predict and optimize models   2.Decision Services [...]
Leading Edge Group offers retail industry data analytics solutions, such as:   1.Recommendation Engine Customer Profiles, Shopping History, Online Activity, Social Network Analysis   NEXT BEST AND PERSONALIZED OFFERS Customer 360 & Consumerization Right product, promotion, at right time Similarity search in inventory Faster Innovation for Customer Experience   2.Effective Customer Engagement Shopping History, Online [...]
Hong Kong Data Analytics Specialist | LY20
100%
-------URL--------- https://www.leadingedge-group.com/about-leadingedge -------URL---------
About Leading Edge Group
Dedicated for Data Service
COMPANY BACKGROUND AND EXPERIENCE
Leading Edge Group Limited (“LEG”) was founded by a team of highly experienced IT experts in 2014. The establishment of LEG is to contribute new and innovative technology to the market. We are specialized in delivering DATA-centric solutions. The professional service team has extensive structured and unstructured data analytics experiences and skills for meeting the high quality demanded of the cross-industries enterprise customers. We are providing data analytics services to the largest enterprises in Hong Kong.
LEG has involved in a significant number of successful implementations of business intelligence, data visualization, data warehouse, and data integration as well as predictive modeling projects of various sizes, ranging from small projects to large complex deployments that span different industries and a myriad of reporting requirements. Our professional service team has deployed over 100 data analytics applications, which has proven that we have solid, robust, and tremendous project experience in implementing analytics solutions.
We believe that the high quality of data analytics power relieved from our solutions can enhance the accuracy of the business decision made by enterprise management.
LEG is partnering with our customers to lead their business through visionary IT adoption to reach the edge of best-performed companies. The company provides Business Intelligence, Social Listening, Data Management, Advanced Analytics, and Predictive Analytics. Design, develop, and implementation of dashboards and provide Advanced Reporting tools to generate custom reports and graphs for your business.
#LeadingEdgeGroup #LeadingEdgeGroupLimited #LEG #CompanyProfile
Hong Kong Data Analytics Specialist | LY20
