-------URL--------- https://neurone-ltd.com/ -------URL---------
Living Your Best LifeLiving Your Best LifeLiving Your Best Life
Build a new culture of wellness, and get started on the new path to both the health and education systems!
Add life to days
  Our primary goal is to develop IoMT total solution for health service providers to provide remote patients monitoring services in supporting  Hong Kong’s 1.5 million chronic illness patients everywhere as well as applying this RPM technology to inpatient scenario so as to facilitate Smart Hospital development   
Holistic health ecosystem
 Internet of Medical Things (IoMT) allows MedTech devices to generate, collect, analyze and transmit data 
We NEED : Review together
  
Based on the recent information of the Census and Statistics Department, average life expectancy in Hong Kong is 84.7 years old. It is the highest in the world. Let’s join hand to explore the Population Health Management (PHM) so that our citizens can happily enjoy our days. PHM involves applying public health concepts to chronic disease management with a comprehensive data analyzation so as to find better ways to improve patient outcomes and control overall costs. Through the information gathered to find and fill patient care gaps and developing actionable treatment steps to care for individual patients, or specific groups as well as aide in the transition to value-based care and reimbursement.
Be the healthiest you!
 Be part of us, welcome to connect us for your interest to be our partners, simply filling and returning your comments!  << https://forms.gle/57nJNUQ4b6mumHZg7 >> 
Chinese version (中文版) << http://hk.mikecrm.com/0FjIrIF >> 
Blockchain for Education
A space for makers to learn, to group, to explore, to create for developing more than Internet of Things, sensor devices, cloud computing, and smart terminals as well as the integration of virtual and physical access
 Our primary objective is to faciliate OGCIO’s IT Innovation Lab in Secondary Schools program starting in 2020 and join hands with education service providers to help reforming the education system into the EdTech innovation ecosystem through IoT and blockchain technology 
 Ultimately, to help our new generation owners a life planning (生涯規劃)
Our Services
• Provide “Blockchain for Education” services for educators and education service providers 
• Offer “Digital Transformation” courses 
Academy for all-round technology
We are also providing AI, Blockchain and IoT Integration courses with the education solutions of DJI Education and 4Paradigm
We offer Blockchain certificates for all classes for learners
EDTECH INNOVATION ECOSYSTEM
Join our community
Executive Director Digital Technology & Consultancy Co Ltd
Chen Zhixin
IntelLink Management Consulting Ltd
Vivian Choi  CEO 
Our Partners
Our Company
The Convergence of Big Wisdom (SMART)
NeurONE Limited has been established in Hong Kong since September 2016 with an aim to provide consulting services for her co-founding company, DMH&CO (Hong Kong) Limited. The company’s Chinese name is『智奕滙有限公司』, with the meaning, the Convergence of Big Wisdom (SMART). 
  
STEM
  
Helping them to combine humanity, technology and innovation through their learning process and ultimately create great economic impact of the society.
  "YOU CAN BE MAKERS, WE CAN BE MAKERS; 
LET’S HELP EVERYONE LEARN HOW TO MAKE"— Company motto
Digital Health
During March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic, the company started to advocate “Medical in future”, digital health to improve people's vital and wellness and maintaining the holistic connected health ecosystem which includes Wearable Devices, Digital Interfaces and a Cloud Platform in the 5G era. 
 The company aims to help people to enjoy their life with SMART Technologies which carries Social, Mobile, Aware, and Real Time elements in the new era.
"HAPPINESS IS NOTHING 
EdTech Innovation Ecosystem
  
 
"IT IS GOOD TO HAVE AN END TO JOURNEY TOWARD,
 BUT IT IS THE JOURNEY THAT MATTERS IN THE END" — Ernest Hemingway 
IoT / AI / Blockchain Solutions
Contact Us
NEURONE LOVES YOUR INVOLVEMENT IN OUR COMMUNITY, INTERESTED PARTIES, FEEL FREE TO LET US KNOW…
Name
Email*
Copyright © 2020 NeurONE limited
本項服務由 GoDaddy 建站神器 提供
This website uses cookies.
We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data.
