-------URL--------- http://www.intertek.com.hk -------URL---------
with this essential guide from
best-selling author Martin Lindstrom.
10 industry-leading voices predict
to reshape the industry.
wellbeing assurance programme for
solution can help your business to demonstrate
TOTAL SUSTAINABILITY
solution can help your business to demonstrate
Need help or have a question? +852 3008 2099
Intertek Total Quality Assurance expertise, delivered consistently with
precision, pace and passion, enabling our customers to power ahead safely.
OUR INDUSTRIES
INTERTEK STEM MARK SCHEME
Events
Insight Bulletins
-------URL--------- http://www.intertek.com.hk/contact -------URL---------
T: +852 2173 8888
F: +852 2786 1903
Send us a request
-------URL--------- http://www.intertek.com.hk/careers -------URL---------
Working at Intertek means joining a global network of state-of-the-art facilities and passionate people who deliver superior customer service. Our entrepreneurial spirit is the key to bringing quality and safety to life, helping our customers power ahead.
A career with Intertek means you will be applying your skills and expertise toward ensuring the quality and safety of products and services used by millions throughout the world. We are a leading provider of ATIC (Assurance, Testing, Inspection and Certification) Services with over 44,000 people across 1,000 locations in over 100 countries. Our vision is to become the world’s most trusted partner for Quality Assurance and we offer people the chance to make an impact with attractive growth opportunities on a global scale.
In a world where a company’s success depends on its reputation for quality, safety, and socially responsible products and processes, Intertek employees make a difference. Whether it’s testing in the lab or field, engaging with customers, or helping our operations run smoothly, every role is essential to delivering Total Quality Assurance to our customers.
Who We Are
We are a global family that values diversity.
We always do the right thing. With precision, pace and passion.
We trust each other and have fun winning together.
We own and shape our future.
We create sustainable growth. For All.
Intertek values creative and innovative employees who are dedicated to serving the needs of our customers, helping them to protect their brand and achieve success. We strive to engage and energize our employees in operational excellence, offering the opportunity to hone their skills and grow personally and professionally in a collaborative work environment.
 
Send your CV to recruit.hk@intertek.com or contact +852 6329 0464 for details.
Need help or have a question?
Send us a request
