-------URL--------- http://www.bmc.com -------URL---------

Become an Autonomous Digital Enterprise
-------URL--------- https://www.bmc.com/legal/cookie-notice.html -------URL---------

BMC Software Cookie Notice
BMC Software uses cookies on its websites. You can find out more about cookies and how to control them in the information below.
By using BMC websites , you accept the use of cookies in accordance with this Cookie Notice.
If you do not accept the use of cookies please disable them following the instructions in this Cookie Notice, by using our Cookie Consent Tool or by changing your browser settings so that cookies from these websites cannot be placed on your computer or mobile device.
The data collected through the use of cookies is subject to the BMC Privacy Policy .
What is a cookie?
Cookies are a small amount of data generated by a website and downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. Such cookies are sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to any other visited website that recognizes that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device.
Cookies do lots of different jobs. The most common use is to store a user’s login information at a specific site, e.g., username and password after the user clicks on "Remember me on this computer," which generates a login cookie. Some cookies are used by e-commerce sites to store items placed in a shopping cart. Other cookies allow you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences and search settings, and generally improving your user experience, such as remembering recently-viewed stock quotes. Many cookies collect information about how visitors use a website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often. They also help ensure that online advertisements are more relevant to a user of a website and the user’s interests by creating the user’s profile which is later used to send ad messages in line with the preferences shown by the user during navigation of the web.
What cookies do we use on the BMC websites ?
The types of cookies used on our websites can be classified into one of three categories, namely Required Cookies, Functional Cookies, and Advertising Cookies.
1. Required Cookies. These cookies enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the website. This category of cookies cannot be disabled as they enable core site functionality.
2. Functional Cookies. These cookies allow us to analyze site usage so we can measure and improve performance.
3. Advertising Cookies. These cookies are used by advertising companies to serve ads that are relevant to your interests.
Glossary:
Tracker Duration (days). Amount of time it takes for a cookie to expire.
session/0/empty—A cookie will expire as soon as the browser closes.
3rd Party Sharing. Defines whether the cookie information is shared with 3rd parties.
Function. The function of the cookie.
Ad Agency—A service-based business dedicated to creating, planning, and handling advertising and other forms of promotion for its clients.
Ad Exchange—Technology platforms that facilitate the bidded buying and selling of online media advertising inventory from multiple ad networks.
Ad Network—Connects advertisers to websites that want to host advertisements. The key function of an ad network is aggregating ad space supply from publishers and matching it with advertiser demand.
Ad Platform—The technology that disseminates online ads and then tracks and reports back on ad performance.
Ad Server—A web server that stores advertisements used in online marketing and delivers them to digital visitors—a website, mobile apps, a mobile site, etc.
Attribution / Analytics—An organization that focuses on the measurement, collection, analysis, and reporting of content and advertising consumption data for the purposes of understanding and optimizing content and media.
Data Management Platform (DMP)—A centralized data management platform that allows companies to target audiences based on a combination of in-depth, first-party, and third-party audience data; accurately target campaigns to these audiences across third-party ad networks and exchanges; and measure with accuracy which campaigns performed the best across segments and channels to refine media buys and ad creative over time.
Data Provider / Aggregator—An organization involved in sourcing and aggregating information from ad-serving data, conversion data, and other third-party online and offline databases and making this data available for sale to others.
Demand Side Platform (DSP)—A system that allows digital advertisers to manage multiple ad exchange and data exchange accounts through one interface. DSP systems include support for real-time bidding (RTB), which enables buyers to evaluate and bid on available ad impressions in real-time.
Market Research / Consumer Survey—A company that gathers market or consumer needs and preferences.
Publisher Related—Technology platforms that enable publishers to manage their ad impression inventory and maximize revenue from digital media.
Retargeting / Optimization—Online targeted advertising which is delivered to consumers based on previous Internet actions.
Sell Side Platform (SSP)—A supply-side platform or sell-side platform (SSP) enables web publishers to manage their advertising space inventory, fill it with ads, and receive revenue.
Service Provider—An entity whose services are used by another entity to perform a needed business process/function.
Social / Sharing Tools—Platform or site that focuses on building and reflecting social networks or social relations among people who share interests and activities.
Verification / Privacy—Organizations that verify privacy or advertising practices of websites, advertisers, and solution providers.
Website Tools—Tools that allow web developers to test and debug code with third-party functionality. They are often used for testing or developing websites or web applications. For example, Google Fonts is a third-party website tool.
You may control and delete any of the above-listed cookies by using the Cookie Consent Tool or through your browser settings as described below.
How to control and delete cookies through the browser
The ability to enable, disable, or delete cookies can be completed at the browser level. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility). Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser; you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
Cookies that have been set in the past
If you have disabled one or more cookies, we may still use information collected from cookies prior to your disabled preference being set, however, we will stop using the disabled cookie to collect any further information.
To remove all known information about you from BMC systems, please email privacy@bmc.com .
Third Parties Cookies
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical, performance cookies, or targeting cookies
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access our websites at all or certain parts of them.
BMC Websites:
