-------URL--------- http://www.codefreesoft.com -------URL---------
Our Services
Application Platform
“Dragonce” platform provides a cost-effective, immediate and flexible cloud solution for commercial enterprises to streamline their business workflows; it is a new era of integrated business solution in enterprises with PC and mobile platforms.
& Analytics
“Smart” platform enables company to analyze a mix of data in search of valuable business information and get insights from forums, blogs and social platforms. Big data can be analyzed with our tools commonly used as part of advanced analytics disciplines        such as predictive analytics, data mining, text analytics and statistical analysis.
Application
To specialize in designing and developing mobile applications and web-based applications that is fulfilling market’s trend, we focus on large scalable web and mobile applications for corporations and end users.
 
Marketing in the digital world helps you to reach the right client at the right moment, from all devices and all platforms, maximizing your profitability. We offer a one-stop all-directional solution as a whole package.
11/F, Career and Kenson Industrial Mansion, 58 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 3952 6488
-------URL--------- http://www.codefreesoft.com/aboutus.html -------URL---------
Who We Are
Established in 2012, Code Free Soft LTD is a cutting edge enterprise solution and internet technology specialist in Hong Kong. Code Free Soft LTD helps corporate clients expand their market and user community in the internet space through big data analytics, cloud computing services, and cross-platform mobile application projects.
Also, Code Free Soft LTD plays a pivotal role in internet revolution. It advocates sustainable and full range services range from consultation, development, analysis, to fully realize online value to corporations. Code Free Soft LTD is now rapidly developing a new division to further develop innovative solutions across various computer / mobile platforms and exploring new business opportunities.
Our Clients
Our Partners
11/F, Career and Kenson Industrial Mansion, 58 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 3952 6488
