-------URL--------- http://www.micology.ai -------URL---------
3eyeD Monitoring System
Make It Certain
No, seriously. Slider Revolution is revolutionizing the way you can present your websites most vital information.
Build striking and highly usable presentations in no time.
WHO WE ARE
MICology is a company based in Hong Kong that provides data visualization applications in 3D environment.
Our 3eyeD Interactive Monitoring System reads from sensors and synchronizes data in real time. Data is monitored through browsers in a 3D virtual world.
INCREASED PRODUCTIVITY
REDUCED COST
CUSTOMIZED SOLUTION
BETTER SUPPORT
Achievements
MICology is devoted to provide top quality solutions for total satisfaction. We are thankful for the relentless support from our valued supporters, employees and customers.
“My Favourite Start-up Award, Start-up Express 2020”
Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC)
“The member company of Incu-Tech Programme, HKSTP”
Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation (HKSTP)
“The Hong Kong Retail Innovation Award 2019, Best Retail Startup Innovation (Product) Award Media Choice”
The Hong Kong Retail Technology Industry Association (RTIA)
“Create@China 2019 Hong Kong, Qualified Entry”
Hong Kong Productivity Council (HKPC)
Thank you very much for visiting our website.
If there’s anything else we can help you with, please let us know.
-------URL--------- http://www.micology.ai/about.html -------URL---------
We are never tired of technology
MICology is a professional research and development company founded in 2019 by a team of technology enthusiasts.
The team originated from gaming application development. We have over 10 years of experience in game engines, 3D data handling , graphic visualization and creating humans like A.I..
We strongly believe that our gaming technological knowledge is not limited in entertainment industry.
That belief drives us to explore further in big data, IoT and A.I. technologies. We discovered that these technologies combined with our game development knowledge can deliver something unique and game changing.
We founded MICology, believing that our simulation solutions are able to eliminate enterprise barrier of kickstarting innovative projects.
Thank you very much for visiting our website.
If there’s anything else we can help you with, please let us know.
