-------URL--------- http://www.bluepin.hk -------URL---------
Make Your Creative
Business with BluePin
BluePin is a new startup and is actually formed by a group of Hong Kong expertises. We are offering an effective indoor positioning system for different venues, especially exhibition show. Compared with the solutions in the market, we are able to provide end-to-end effective solution to the customers in terms of cost and user experience. Furthermore, our system has been deployed in different events in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Play Video
Search for:
Recent Comments
No. 19 Science Park West Avenue
Hong Kong Science Park, Pak Shek Kok
N.T., Hong Kong
-------URL--------- https://www.bluepin.hk?page_id=25 -------URL---------
About Us
Our Team​
Gary Leung
(Co-founder, CEO)
 
 
Gary’s always pursuing opportunities to enrich and improve his knowledge and skill.  He has completed MSc in eCommerce, MBA and MSc in Multimedia & Entertainment Technology course.  Gary is currently studying Engineering Doctorate in Hong Kong Polytechnic University.  The research study is in area of BLE indoor positioning system.
Eric Cheok
(Co-founder, Chairman)
Eric got his Bachelor degree in Mathematics from UC Berkeley in 2006, and got his Master degree in Management Science and Engineering from Stanford University in 2008.
Before he found BluePin with Gary, he also found Excelio Technology in 2011 and become the Chairman of the company. Excelio Technology is an RFID/IoT IC design house with R&D based in Shenzhen, China. The product application covers the industries in automotive, food safety, indoor positioning etc. Currently Excelio owns a team with professions coming from Europe and China, as well as multiple core technology IPs and patents.
Eric utilizes his experience in IoT to lead Bluepin to collaborate its indoor positioning technology with different kinds of industries. With the collaboration it creates a different user experience with brand new O2O concept.
Professor Frank Yam
(Co-founder, Director)
Professor Frank Yam is the Founder and Chairman of Focus Strategic Group Inc, with business operations including investments, digital transformation, cybersecurity, audit and compliance services.  He started his professional career in international auditing and information security in 1984, and has held management positions at KPMG, and a number of multi-national corporations, including several leading international financial institutions. Professor Yam has been very active in professional and community services and served in leadership role of numerous local and international professional bodies. Most notably, he served six terms on the Board of Directors for ISACA International with over 150,000 members around the world, and was the founder of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners Hong Kong Chapter. Professor Yam currently serves as Governor of Institute of Internal Auditors Hong Kong and Certification Board member of the Hong Kong Institute for IT Professional Certifications. As a pioneer in his profession, Professor Yam is a very popular speaker of a wide variety of topics at seminars and conferences for professional organisations and government agencies, including many Central Banks, the INTERPOL and the Asian Development Bank. In recent years, he has been focusing on knowledge transfer of Entrepreneurship and Innovation based on Design-Thinking.
Emerging Technologies & Digital Transformation, Corporate and IT Governance, Audit and Risk Management, and Cyber-security around the world.
Professor Yam is the recipient of numerous awards for his contribution to the profession, including the prestigious International Best Speaker Award by ISACA International, and the top alumni honour, Alumni Achievement Medal, by the University of Waterloo’s Faculty of Mathematics. He was elected as Fellow of several leading professional associations, including the Hong Kong Institute of Directors, the Hong Kong Computer Society, The Institute of Public Accountants, the Institute of Financial Accountants, and the Hong Kong IT Joint Council. He also has an Executive Master degree in Innovation Leadership, and received the Outstanding Student Award of the Year.
Funded by
Search for:
Recent Comments
No. 19 Science Park West Avenue
Hong Kong Science Park, Pak Shek Kok
N.T., Hong Kong
