-------URL--------- http://chaintechdev.com -------URL---------
Innovation for Future Cities
Our experts are powering cutting-edge technologies of Hybrid Reality Platform & VR CAVE that help our partners make the city a better place.
CHAIN is a R&D-based startup that provides comprehensive solutions for Smart Cities ranging from Smart Environment, Surveillance, & Building applications to Immersive CAVE Systems & Touch Tables.
Follow us on: LinkedIn.com/company/chaintechdev/
-------URL--------- http://chaintechdev.com/solutions -------URL---------
Mixed solution combining BIM & Reality Models
Hybrid Reality combines the best of both Building Information Modeling (BIM) and Reality Modeling. In Hybrid Reality environments, BIM objects are anchored into a 3D space retrieved by 3D capturing technology. It allows you to seamlessly navigate through and manage both the BIM objects and 3D reality meshes at the same time, revolutionizing and improving the operations process of different types of industries.
Mixed solution combining BIM & Reality Models
Hybrid Reality combines the best of both Building Information Modeling (BIM) and Reality Modeling. In Hybrid Reality environments, BIM objects are anchored into a 3D space retrieved by 3D capturing technology. It allows you to seamlessly navigate through and manage both the BIM objects and 3D reality meshes at the same time, revolutionizing and improving the operations process of different types of industries.
HYBRID REALITY
Digital Infrastructure Management
Provide digital infrastructure asset management for optimizing the full life cycle of physical assets by standardizing asset related processes.
Works Progress Management
Offer real-time delivery of geospatial data to support works progress monitoring and analysis of the projects.
Location Intelligence
IoT Integration
Help you integrate IoT technology into your processes to gather geospatial data and streamline daily operations.
Calculation & Analysis
Deliver quantitative evaluation of geospatial data retrieved from GIS, BIM, Hybrid Reality meshes, and 3D digital maps.
Alert Notifications
Notify your staff of critical alerts using automated communication mechanism.
Customization
Tailor user interface (UI) according to the needs of different clients.
Real-world Applications
Hybrid Reality System (HRP) can be deployed to a wide range of various equipment for real-world applications in facility management, training simulation, and more.
Visualization Solution for Shared Immersive VR Experience
4D Immersive CAVE
Ultra-Touch Table
3D Reality Simulator
Digital Infrastructure Management
HRP can provide digital infrastructure asset management for optimizing the full life cycle of physical assets by standardizing asset related processes and increasing continuity, reliability, and security of assets.
Accessible Anywhere, Any Device
In the past, BIM models can only be managed with designated BIM software.
Now, you can view and edit the Hybrid Reality models in web-based environments and tablet apps. Those models become accessible anytime, anywhere via any PC or tablet with an Internet connection.
Lossless Transformation
There is no decrease in level of detail (LOD) of BIM objects containing geometry and asset data after transforming into Hybrid Reality models.
By maintaining LOD of as-built models, accurate size, shape, location, quantity and orientation of 3D objects can be kept.
Accurate Indoor Positioning
Hybrid Reality models contained coordinate data can be used to locate objects inside building.
You can know where all of your building’s assets are at any given time from the dashboard. It makes facility and asset management become more easy.
Smart Facility Management
Objects in Hybrid Reality model can be attached with various type of data such as photos, videos, or documents.
By having all the asset information of inventory, condition, and location at one central place, you are able to see how your overall  building operation is performing at a glance.
Works Progress Management
HRP can offer real-time delivery of geospatial data to support works progress monitoring and analysis.
BIM-based Progress Simulation
Based on all the relevant data from BIM models, HRP can simulate the future progress of construction site. BIM-based simulation can perfectly relate to the actual works progress that was originally envisioned.
Working with this simulation helps to evaluate the delays and make all the necessary changes.
You can adjust the opacity of the model to compare with the current or past situation.
Visualization of Progress Monitoring
Side-by-side visualized comparison allows you to find out a discrepancy between as-planned and as-built progress on the physical assets.
Location Intelligence
HRP can analyze geographic information to extract insights for reducing the cost of an asset over its lifecycle, and increasing citizen satisfaction and engagement.
BIM-GIS Integration
GIS extends the value of BIM data through visualization and analysis of structures in the context of the natural and built environment.   Integration of BIM and GIS in HRP enables deeper insight for better decision making, communication, and understanding.  Each asset in Hybrid Reality model contains geo-reference data (latitude, longitude, altitude) that helps you correctly locate your assets in the satellite maps, or 3D digital maps.
Walk-Path Simulation
Accessibility evaluation to enhance the ease and safety of access to indoor and outdoor environments is increasing in importance of building design. Hybrid Reality Platform can construct as-is 3D environment models captured from real world and allow you “walk” in various environment models.  It can demonstrate walk-path simulation in indoor and outdoor environments including corridors, stairs, and slopes in order to ensure the easy understanding of the planned path.
IoT Integration
HRP can help you integrate IoT technology into your processes to gather geospatial data and streamline daily operations.
Multiple Sensors Connection
HRP can help you to connect multiple sensors and their data in one central place by means of APIs.
It allows you to monitor the conditions of site environment to identify security issues and unsafe or undesirable situations in a centralized dashboard.
IoT Real-Time Monitoring
As multiple devices are connected, HRP allows you to monitor devices understanding current conditions and status, usage patterns, availability, and performance in real-time.
If included IP cameras as IoT devices, HRP can stream the live video to give you instant view on the target locations.
Historical Performance Analysis
With all the past data stored in HRP, you can perform historical performance analysis in a central dashboard.
Past performance can be visualized by the color-coded performance level. It helps you quickly find out the discrepancies among different periods.
Mobile Geotagging
After installing the proprietary app in your mobile devices, you can access HRP on-site.
With the function of geotagging, you can input text and photos with geographical identification metadata that consists of latitude and longitude coordinates.
Calculation & Analysis
HRP can deliver quantitative evaluation of geospatial data retrieved from GIS, BIM, Hybrid Reality meshes, and 3D digital maps.
Distance & Area Measurement
If you simply plot on any 2 points in 3D city model at HRP, you can get the distance and then measure as distance between points. You can also select a series of points to define the perimeter of the area you want to calculate.
Data Visualization & Analysis
With integration of GIS & BIM, HRP can perform geospatial analysis, indoor 3D modeling and dynamic simulation and help you figure out optimized plans. You can also visualize the geographic information into different types of graphs and charts to find actionable insights.
Alert Notifications
HRP can notify your staff of critical alerts using automated communication mechanism.
Intelligent Alerts
If there is any data input not conforming to the standard, you will receive alert message at HRP. It also allows you to create custom alert that sends you an email when a data input error occurs based upon your chosen setting.
Customization
HRP allows us to easily tailor user interface (UI) according to the needs of different clients.
Tailor-made UI
Our team strongly believe that there is no merit in a ‘one-size-fits-all’ approach to user interface design. Every client’s case should be considered independently. HRP lets us to customize UI for every client that should definitely fit its brand and provide the best user experience.
Reinvent Smart City & VR CAVE Systems.
CHAIN is a R&D-based startup that provides comprehensive solutions for Smart Cities ranging from Smart Environment, Surveillance, & Building applications to Immersive CAVE Systems & Touch Tables.
Follow us on: LinkedIn.com/company/chaintechdev/
