-------URL--------- http://www.litbulb.com -------URL---------
Stop swimming in noise.
Use Litbulb to get precisely what you need from colleagues.
Think across teams, in a simple way
Across teams:  reach out beyond your team
Short input:  a question, an idea, intel, knowledge
Limited noise:  maximum 3 live items per team
Reward talent:  best thinkers get Litbulb points
Respect your Zen:  no alerts, no notifications
Useful lists:  top ideas, solutions, all organized
Flexible:  for a company of 5 people, or 500
What problem are we trying to fix
Collaboration tools have unlimited input, so create unlimited noise.
 
1. Let colleagues know your top three Priorities.
2. Receive ideas, which you can rate.
3. Use your knowledge to help others and collect points.
Litbulb is different from teamchats or collab tools
Each team is allowed a maximum of 3 live Priorities, to stay focused. 
VS 
1.
VS
Collab tools designed to drag your attention away: notifications, tags, extra features, aim to be everything to everyone...
3.
Litbulb leaderboard shows the best teams at helping others win.
VS
The people that send more emails than anyone else to appear productive.
Pricing
Your first 3 months are Free. No contract, no credit card, no commitment.
Use it in your company, see how it goes.
​
 
Pay USD 88 per month, total, for the whole company.
Unlimited teams/users. No commitment period, cancel any time.
​
Start small, USD 1 per month per user. 
Add users as you go, or switch anytime to the fixed plan if that saves you money.
Get a 3 months Free Trial
 
01/
I looove emails and chats, do I really need Litbulb at work?
If you find it productive to spend the day scrolling up and down chatrooms, and tagging people with emojis in a collaboration tool, then Litbulb is probably not for you.
-------URL--------- http://www.litbulb.com/how-litbulb-fixes-this -------URL---------
1/
Litbulb fixes this:
​
Litbulb let's you know what's important and what's noise, so you focus on the first and ignore the second. Only the top 3 priorities of each team are allowed in Litbulb.
This way, you don't use your brainpower in asks that are not important to the sender (sending emails is free, your attention is not).
2/
Internal collaboration is not great, despite more connectivity than ever.
Litbulb fixes this:
​
'Help your colleagues help you': use Litbulb to let others know the top 3 priorities where you need input/ideas. No email blasts or chasing 10 people separately.
To promote collaboration, Litbulb has a League Table visible to everyone including the CEO, showing who is best at helping their colleagues. Look good at work with Litbulb.
3/
We don't innovate enough for our clients (noise and distraction are mindkillers).
Litbulb fixes this:
​
Litbulb connects people with ideas, across the organization, on the Top Priorities of the company.
 
Litbulb fixes this:
​
Litbulb looks for the Organic Intelligence in your company. For example, to increase engagement with customers and develop localized content, top luxury retailers do not rely on central data but directly ask local store employees for ideas of micro influencers.
Finally, because Litbulb gives visibility to the best ideas, it is a great tool for management to identify talent in the company.
©2020 BY LITBULB TECHNOLOGIES.
