-------URL--------- https://www.euclideon.com/ -------URL---------
Finally! All your 3D data unlocked for free.
Euclideon udStream is a new fast Free tool that enables breathtaking visualisations of massive point cloud data that can be streamed or stored locally.
No credit card. No charge.
Finally! All your Point-Cloud data ‘Unlocked’ Free
Euclideon udStream is a new fast Free tool that enables breathtaking visualisations of massive point cloud data that can be streamed or stored locally.
No credit card. No charge.
Euclideon is a cutting-edge 3D data technology company that innovates with solutions like udStream. With an enviable pedigree in digital transformation in 3D data consolidation, streaming and sharing, Euclideon has evolved into a world leader in 3D data management and visualisation solutions.
Visualise the world with udStream!
udStream and udSDK are high-value tools for diverse industries and organisations that work with massive 3D pointcloud data, 3D scans or geospatial models of any size at speeds previously unimagined. Try it for free with no login required with udStream Showcase.
Viewing on a mobile or tablet device? udStream is a desktop application only. We support the latest versions of Google Chrome and Microsoft Edge on Windows, Mac, and Ubuntu.
udStream Browser
udStream can be accessed from anywhere with a Chrome browser and internet connection.
Quickly visualise massive 3D point cloud models
Imagine a laser scan of the entire earth at 1mm resolution. That scan would be approximately 37 zettabytes of raw data (37 billion terabytes. Incredibly, udStream could help you visualise that volume of data in less than 1 second. Data size is no longer an obstacle in viewing your massive projects.
Free Unlimited Mobility
Take all your geospatial data from  the office to the field
With seamless cloud streaming and tablet and mobile compatibility field technicians of all types can rest-assured they can have access to the same 3D data models that are being used in the office. This live digital twinning means comprehensive and uninterrupted end-to-end business workflows.
Free Unlimited Collaboration
Centrally access one version of the truth
Version control and lack of full integration plague efficient business practice. With Euclideon udStream, those challenges are easily overcome with a single source of storage providing seamless access to breathtaking visualisations of massive point cloud data, that can be streamed or stored locally.
Free Unlimited Streaming
Seamlessly stream 3D renders live from the cloud
udStream's capability to rapidly render massive data models, is all the more ground-breaking considering this can be done not just locally, but also from the cloud. This live streaming functionality is proving a game-changer for business’ seeking to manage high-performing business under any operating environment.
Free Unlimited Security
You keep ownership of your data always
The technology sector is often in the spotlight for security breaches and lack of sufficient data handling protocols. Customers have a right to be concerned. With Euclideon udStream, all your data remains your property, and yours alone. Everything is stored and handled exactly how and where you want it.
Free Unlimited Flexibility
Broad cross platform & hardware Compatibility
Organisations and employees often have very different browser and equipment needs and usage. A cutting-edge feature of Euclideon udStream, is its ability to operate on a diverse range of platforms with very low hardware demands. Another ‘peace of mind’ assurance you can count on.
Testimonials
“By comparison, with udStream, the fact that we were able to ‘fly’ the entire island, look around and see landmarks and other reference points, made them gasp. I always believe in spreading the word when I find something that is truly game-changing—this is definitely such a case.”
City of Richmond
BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA
