-------URL--------- http://www.kositech.com.hk -------URL---------
Presence of Businesses
Whether you need to manage cost, infrastructure capacity, and agility of resources or simply improve latency and performance issues, we offer a wide-range of cloud solutions to best fit your business.
Quick time to market gives you an edge
Faster delivery time gives companies an edge that most can’t easily replicate. Our rapid iteration + early feedback model helps our clients get to market quickly.
Build the right team to scale
Finding the right talent is not easy. We help you find the talent that suits your needs, follows your processes, and sticks with you long term.                     Our delivery model helps you cut costs and deliver within budget.
Code & Architecture
Cloud & Software architecture are defined as designing parts that are hard to change later. We aimed at the long-term health of a product (e.g., code refactoring, feature rewrites, or, data migration) and to avoid technical debt.
Kosi Cloud Architecture Design Service
Kosi's Cloud Architecture Design service help organizations to transform their on-premise IT infrastructure to cloud services.
Our cloud experts help the organization define the cloud transformation roadmap and technology blueprint.
We assess the organization's IT infrastructure, applications, security requirements and design the best-fit cloud strategies, architecture, and implementation plan to meeting their business and IT requirements.
Kosi Cloud Transformation and Migration Service
The Cloud Transformation provides the possibilities for efficiency gains, increases agility, and create new business models.
Kosi Cloud Transformation and Migration service help the organization transform its traditional IT Infrastructure to optimized cloud architecture and advise the best-fit technology, migration strategies, and optimized transformation roadmap for the organization's own needs.
Kosi Managed Cloud Service
The Kosi managed cloud service helps the organization relieve IT constraints and operational challenges and let the organization focus on what matters for their business.
The Kosi managed cloud service adopts industrial best practices, cloud compliance, and automate security incidents response.
The Kosi managed cloud service helps organizations streamline operational efficiency, improve business resilience, cloud security, and cloud compliance.
Big Data & IoT
Kosi Big Data & IoT consultancy help customers design & architect enterprise data platforms and build sophisticated data platforms in the clouds and customers' premise.
Our Big Data & IoT engineers help customers turn historical, data warehouse, and real-time data into the data-driven solution. Our innovative and outcome-based solution design helps the customers quickly adopt new technologies and transform raw data into valuable insights and monetize their big data use cases.
NOTABLE CLIENTS
Over years, We have helped and guided organisations to achieve outstanding results
Send Message
We're a friendly bunch..
We create projects for companies and startups with a passion for quality
Contact Us
ADDRESS: Unit 1104A, 11/F, Kai Tak Commercial Building, 317-319 Des Voeux Road, Central, Hong Kong
