-------URL--------- https://www.motherapp.com -------URL---------
Digital. Handled with care.
Motherapp offers smart application development. Our products help to engage your customers and improve your operations. We employ advances in mobile, IoT, AI and data analytics to benefit your business in Hong Kong and US. From mobile app development to AI to digital consulting, Motherapp has your back.
Motherapp is celebrating success after our smart city solution scooped Global Champion at the 2018 World Summit Awards. Identified as a forerunning mobile app development and AI applications firm in HK, Motherapp was selected to compete representing Hong Kong and Greater China on the global stage.
The United Nations World Summit Awards (WSA) celebrates the world’s best digital innovations that positively impact our society from over 180 member states. We are very honored with this globally-acclaimed recognition.
FOR SUCCESS
Many leading organizations deploy our digital innovations, including HKTDC, the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, and trusted airline Hong Kong Express. These firms along with many others entrusted Motherapp with AI application and mobile app development tasks to enhance HK customer engagement, with great success.
A mobile customer engagement platform for the global audience, integrating publications, websites and exhibitions
A loyalty application that helped enroll 1.3 million customers in 18 months
A valuable early success for an ambitious public smart city initiative
Version 1 of the most popular digital dining guide for a city revered for exceptional restaurants
An elegant mobile shopping experience with the personal attention of a luxury brand
A safer, more fun theme park experience with real time crowd management
A smarter, easier way to buy insurance via your mobile device
A digital mobile classroom for China English Learning Centres rethinks the way language learning is delivered
THE POWER
OF CARING
We believe in the power of teams of people who care to make projects really successful. There is power in technology too. The power to make things better, to simplify things and help things to flourish. We believe that the secret to harnessing the uncertain power of technology is the certain power of care.
World Summit Award 2018 Global Champion - Smart Settlements & Urbanization
Smart Tourism Award at Hong Kong ICT Awards 2018
“Best Smart Hong Kong (Internet of Things Application)” at Hong Kong ICT Awards 2017
2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards - Innovation in Business Utility App
Hong Kong Business Awards Winner 2016
“Best Mobile App / Service for Enterprise” at GSMA’s Asia Mobile Award 2016
Latest
news
Send me regular insights
With teams in Hong Kong, Ningbo and California, Motherapp brings a uniquely caring approach to creating value with proven and emerging technology.
This website uses cookies.
https://motherapp.com uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies.
-------URL--------- https://www.motherapp.com/customer-engagement-faq -------URL---------
CRM Customer Loyalty App, CRM Loyalty App, CRM App | Motherapp
Customer Engagement FAQ
Learn how to provide a dedicated membership space for your loyal customers with a CRM loyalty app. Design one for your company with Motherapp today.
Frequently Asked Questions
What is customer relationship management (CRM)?
Customer relationship management (CRM) refers for the way in which a company interacts with its customers and clients. For example, many companies these days use loyalty apps to interact with their customers. Check out how we implemented the customer loyalty app for Hong Kong Express Airways .
What are CRM apps?
CRM apps can be as simple as a dedicated membership space for your customers, rewarding their loyalty and giving them benefits. CRM loyalty apps are useful as they identify repeat and loyal customers and provide a valuable pool of customers for you to market towards.
How important are CRM apps for customer loyalty?
CRM apps are not the only way to generate customer loyalty, however they are an asset for modern businesses. By carefully allocating your budget on current customers through a CRM app, you can foster their loyalty through rewards and privileges.
These same rewards are generated and offered by our own AI engines. They analyse customer behaviour and interactions to work out what offers and rewards will be most enticing for them. It is a hands-free way of pleasing your current customers and maintaining a good relationship with your current customers.
Why should I allocate budget to CRM rather than acquiring new customers?
Acquiring new customers can be costly. But statistics have shown that providing incentive towards your existing customers is a far better return on your investment.
What are the benefits of a CRM loyalty app platform?
Developing a CRM loyalty app can greatly reduce your marketing costs, as well as providing a communication loop through user generated content that allows your company to have increased relevance to its customers.
How can I design my own CRM loyalty app platform?
Motherapp can help you implement your own app tailored to your specific needs. Take a look at some of our case studies with companies such as Lane Crawford and see how we provided specialised solutions to their individual situations. You can also send us a service enquiry to find out how to make a CRM app to suit your business.
SERVICE ENQUIRY
For service enquiry and request for proposal, please fill in the form below.
Contact Us
Send me regular insights
With teams in Hong Kong, Ningbo and California, Motherapp brings a uniquely caring approach to creating value with proven and emerging technology.
This website uses cookies.
https://motherapp.com uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies.
