-------URL--------- http://www.shapesecurity.com -------URL---------
Solutions
Shape Security is Now Part of F5
F5 and Shape have joined forces to defend every application against attacks, fraud, and abuse in a multi-cloud world.
Defeating Application Fraud
We protect more accounts from fraud than everyone else in the world combined.
Shape Security is Now Part of F5
F5 and Shape have joined forces to defend every application against attacks, fraud, and abuse in a multi-cloud world.
AGILITY 2020 IS NOW AVAILABLE ON-DEMAND
Thanks to this year’s virtual format, we’re able to share every keynote, breakout, and demo with you to watch anytime, anywhere.
F5 to acquire Shape Security
F5 and Shape come together to become a leader in end-to-end application protection.
Defeating Application Fraud
We Protect More Accounts from Fraud than Everyone Else in the World Combined.
Comprehensive Application Security on One Integrated Platform
Shape leverages AI and ML to accurately classify web and protect mobile application sessions in real time over a billion times per day
Shape examines interactions between clients and servers
Unique client telemetry is gathered via uniquely protected channels
Real-time analysis and classification of all transactions, devices and user behaviors
Device and account behavior is further analyzed, classified, and used to train ML
Supports real-time, near-real-time, and offline insights and decision-making 
Over 1 Billion
150 Million
82
Join the Shape Network Today and See ROI in Weeks
Customers report sustained reductions in fraud losses, including chargebacks, unauthorized fund transfers, and stolen loyalty points.
Evaluate Shape’s solutions risk-free.
Three Solutions that Leverage Shape’s AI System
SHAPE ENTERPRISE DEFENSE
Shape Enterprise Defense processes billions of web and mobile transactions per day. By separating real humans from unwanted bots, Enterprise Defense eliminates the threat surface for all kinds of online fraud, business logic abuse, and account takeover.
BLACKFISH
Blackfish is the only solution that alerts an enterprise when attackers actively use its compromised credentials, before they appear on the dark web. Even when the credentials are used for account takeover against a different target.
Shape Connect gives small, but growing, online businesses an all-in-one security solution that eliminates bots and fraudsters. Shape Connect never adds user friction (no CAPTCHAs) and always preserves your site’s availability and low latency.
ROI within Weeks
Easy to Try
Solutions
