-------URL--------- http://dayta.ai -------URL---------
 
Visitor #003
19-27
Gender
Gender
Female
A SaaS cloud-based AI solution that can connect most video cameras to acquire, evaluate and interpret in-store data
for different industries
Couldn't find what you’re looking for? Talk to us and discover new possibilities.
Retail Store
Shopping
Mall
Find out the hot spots in your property and plan new strategies
Why Cyclops is a Game Changer for Moët Hennessy 
Hennessy sought to understand how the customers behave at their exhibitions so as to create a more customer-centric journey.
Return of Investment
Did they walk into the store?
Are they attracted by the promotion products?
Did they go to the checkout counter?
COVID-19 RESOURCES
Get Access
 
 
-------URL--------- http://dayta.ai/why-cyclops -------URL---------
 
Use your existing cameras, over 90% supported
Cyclops works with any RTSP-supported cameras so you can use your existing video cameras without any upfront expenses for new equipment.
interested in your product
Our engagement metrics can infer whether the visitors are interested in your product by calculating their velocities.
KNOW MORE, SELL MORE
Privacy assured with NO facial recognition
Cyclops do not store the data as faceprint in order to comply with the global privacy standard of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
Traffic
Passerby
Number of traffic pass by but not entering specific location
Zone Traffic
No. of people enter a user-defined zone from all direction
Footfall
Engagement Count
No. of engaged people enter a user-defined zone from all direction
Dwell Time
Engagement Time
Average time people who slow down or stop spend in user-defined zone
Queue Time
Emotion
KPI Analysis
Review and compare the performance of your Sales, Traffic and Engagement with useful metrics widely adopted in the industries.
Heatmap Analysis
 
 
Generate executive report with one single click
The report function summarizes your data on a monthly basis and help you review your performance seamlessly.
 
