-------URL--------- https://www.pbarobotics.com/ -------URL---------
We question the present to answer the future
PBA Group is the future of automation. With constant innovation in Industry 4.0 technology, our purpose is to serve as a robotics and automation enabler with solutions which are designed to be always future-ready, for the everyday and everyone.
We develop intelligent solutions to transform your work spaces, and commercial, residential and industrial shop floors, so you can optimise and scale. We provide project consultation, proof of concept, project implementation, and post-implementation servicing, tailored to your business needs.
Our Ecosystem
PBA (Platform for Bots and Automation) enables businesses of every size, partners, professsionals, and more, to leverage Industry 4.0 technologies with access to our platforms in the areas of technology, partnership, education, community and talent – empowering a growing ecosystem.
Core tech
R&A Platformstechnology
As a technology owner with core products and turnkey solutions in both precision and general robotics, PBA helps businesses leverage Industry 4.0. Powered by our agile approach to R&D and manufacturing, PBA have developed capabilities in a full suite of solutions in Warehouse Automation and Factory Automation, as well as Direct Drive Technology.
With a global distribution network and strong foothold in Southeast Asia, PBA partners businesses to scale across different markets using our platforms, especially technologies we develop in-house. PBA also collaborates with a strong network of carefully curated partners to deliver industry-specific automation solutions to problems and test cases we collate, qualify and scope.
Started by PBA, RACE is an independent not-for-profit academy committed to the education and promotion of robotics, automation and digital manufacturing technology. Through mentorship and applied training drawing on the real-world project experience of its technology partners, RACE prepares trainees for careers in Industry 4.0, and entrepreneurial roles in technology.
Advanced New Technology Incubator (ANTI) is Singapore’s first robotics and automation accelerator. Its mission is to build capabilities in robotics technologies within Southeast Asia by seeding and growing deep technology companies.
Teddy Lloyd is independently run as a specialist talent platform dedicated to enabling Industry 4.0. We recruit agile talents for dynamic deep technology roles and projects relating to Robotics & Automation, Artificial Intelligence and Advanced Manufacturing. By also providing career advisory and industry insights, Teddy Lloyd holistically grooms an evolving workforce ready for disruptive technologies.
Founded in 1987, PBA is a Robotics and Automation enabler in Southeast Asia. We focus on developing our core technology – building robotics products and offering turnkey automation solutions to help businesses scale up with Industry 4.0 (I4.0) technology.
We have grown from our early beginnings as a precision components distributor to become a regional provider in robotics and automation solutions. We specialise in precision and general robotics, built on our core expertise in motion control. With a purpose to serve as a technology partner, the agile approach of our R&D and manufacturing teams enables us to develop and utilise our core technologies, to produce customised solutions for businesses across different industries.
In the news
PBA Building, Singapore 768733
Tel: +65 6576 6766
Fax: +65 6576 6765
